the lying leaking liberal witch-hunt was
on the lookout for a fall guy his name
was Michael Flynn breaking this week the
conspiracy has become undone handwritten
notes make clear the extent to which a
group of arrogant FBI thugs endeavoured
to destroy a three-star general now we
have a complete picture of exactly what
the FBI was thinking and the lengths
they went to accomplish their goal in
their sights
three-star general michael Flynn now in
spite of their failed 2016 presidential
coup they were about to cash in on their
pre-planned Russia collusion insurance
policy Michael Flynn was in the
crosshairs of the FBI their intense
evidenced in handwritten FBI notes quote
what is our goal
truth admission or to get him to lie so
we can prosecute him or get him fired
so why the campaign to destroy the
general began long before Flynn was
Obama's director of the Defense
Intelligence Agency Clinton was taking
issue with Susan Rice's description of
Benghazi and the massacre of four
Americans as a peaceful protest go on
arrived that created problems but it was
his testimony as part of the
intelligence community's open hearing to
Congress that was his undoing the White
House was touting the killing of Osama
bin Laden as proof that al Qaeda was on
the run but when his time in the hearing
came general Flynn was asked if that was
the case Flynn openly stated they are
not on the run in fact they are
expanding going into North Africa
training in the Middle East and still a
major threat he was right remember he
spent nearly a decade fighting al Qaeda
five of those years in direct combat
Flynn was fired shortly thereafter
but during his time there Flynn made no
friends with the likes of Brennan and
clapper he wanted to streamline the
intelligence agencies all 16 or 17 of
them setting a fire under the butt of
the administrative state there was such
hatred that Barack Obama in handing over
the White House reins warned incoming
president Trump to be wary of two people
Kim jong-un from North Korea and a
three-star general michael Flynn
now when Flynn was appointed national
security adviser by President Trump the
Obama sycophant said the Clinton
operatives went nuts the FBI started
leaking that Clinton was a Russian
operative like Trump the FBI in fact was
actually closing its investigation of
Flynn knowing it found quote nothing
derogatory but Peter struck couldn't
have it that way he resurrected a new
FBI crossfire razor investigation it was
time to set Flynn up their gold knowing
there was nothing criminal was to get
him to lie prosecute him to then get him
to turn against the President and get
him fired now they sent in agents and
Jim Comey was so tickled with himself
that he got away with violating the
White House protocol but McCabe actually
convinced Flynn that he didn't need a
lawyer and he sent instruct as an
interrogator who hated Michael Flynn and
I thought it's early enough let's just
send a couple guys over and so
we placed a call to Flynn said hey we're
sending a couple guys over hope you'll
talk to them he said sure
nobody else was there they interviewed
him in a conference room at the White
House Situation Room and he lied to them
and that's what he's now played guilty
to so they broke him financially
emotionally he lost everything they put
his son who had just had a baby in the
cross hairs and so we pled guilty the
thank you he got for 32 years putting
his life on the line was an Obama
political takedown yes
Flynn pled guilty mistaking a fact about
a meaningless phone call that he knew
from his years of intelligence other
people were listening in on they knew
what he said to kiss lyac so it is no
surprise that he might not focus on
something he already knew that they knew
even FBI agents other than struck said
they didn't think he lied and now we
know they intentionally and admittedly
set him up to lie now the struck and
page text makes so much sense the White
House wants to know everything I told
you this of my books Liars leakers and
liberals as well as radicals resistance
and revenge they laugh at us they lie to
us about who they are not once in my 26
years of defending our nation did my
personal opinions impact any official
action I took this is true for the
Clinton email investigation for the
investigation into Russian interference
and for every other investigation I've
worked on it is not Who I am and it is
not something I would ever do period
Peter struck he lies to your face their
mission was to change the course of
American presidential history this cabal
and the FBI was pure evil
when barack obama sought to politicize
the FBI he couldn't have picked a better
man than James Comey who along was
struck in McCabe conspired to bring down
Trump as they let their friend Hillary
off the hook a war hero was railroaded
while struck McCabe and Comey walked
freely
indictment must now be issued for
obstruction perjury fraud knowingly
providing false information to a court
tampering tampering with official
records and more Susan Rice another
vindictive one should be charged with
lying as well as unmasking you know the
FBI was created to protect us to gather
evidence against the guilty to exonerate
and close files regarding the innocent
not to falsely implicate them for the
FBI's own political vendetta's so what
now the FBI needs a complete overhaul
the man brought in to run it is as deep
in the swamp as you can get christopher
ray knew all that was going on he was
like Muller Comey Rosenstein and the
whole lot of them part of the swamp not
surprisingly Christopher gray was Andrew
Weissman supervisor Ray has resisted
congressional requests and congressional
oversight
he kept makeban and struck on he knew
Muller's special counsel office saw
these notes and did nothing
Christopher Rea is an establishment
institutional cover mr. president we
have lost faith in the FBI and they
cannot be regained
until Christopher ray is gone as for
General Michael Flynn there is no way to
make up for the damage inflicted upon
this war hero I believe in the system in
which I served for over 32 years and as
such I can only hope the judge will
understand the miscarriage of justice
and the fraud perpetrated upon his court
and that he will vacate the conviction
if not I'm
America OHS General Michael Flynn
justice no matter how or who brings it
on